Speaker 1  00:01
Let me see screen. Yeah, or that's my phone, Kyle. I didn't

Speaker 2  00:05
see. Oh, that's weird. I must have been drunk when I put that in there. Wait, why does your name say? Why does your name say Kyle? It's Kyle.

Speaker 1  00:17
Wait, is that yours?

Speaker 2  00:19
Wait, hold on. I don't know. Why does it say that? Am I crazy?

Speaker 1  00:23
No, it's okay. We're both crazy.

Speaker 2  00:25
Anyway, it's like I'm like texting you. Okay. It's like every time I text you, I just don't even. No, it's just Kyle here. I don't know. Whatever. I'll fix it later. I'm not even. I'm so not worried about that right now. Okay. Can you see this?

Speaker 1  00:41
Okay. Let me see. Yeah. Oh,

Speaker 2  00:44
perfect.

Speaker 3  00:44
Okay. Okay.

Speaker 2  00:45
Okay. Cool. Okay. So basically, this is how my process works. Um, and I usually am not on this account. I only come to this account to post because, um, because like I just post work here, right? So usually, what I do is I'll be like on my own account, and and shit like this will pop up, and I'll be like, oh, okay, save this to my folder, and

Speaker 1  01:22
it's an outfit you made

Speaker 2  01:24
because this is one that I tailored. Yeah, I did her performance look, I did her red carpet look, and I did her afters look. I also did another look that was not seen because she, it was an alternate for her red carpet. She didn't know which one she was gonna wear, so. But anyway, so then, what I'll do is one day I'll sit down and I'll go through my saved posts because I have a specific one that's just for tailoring Clients, and as you can see, I've been saving like all of this is just stuff that I've worked on over the that has not been posted. Like almost all of this, some of it's been posted, but most of it Not. So then, what I'll do is I'll go to like here. Okay, so this is Charlie's char, and this is why I'm so glad I waited because she posted this yesterday, and and then what I'll do is I'll click on the post options, the like three dots at the top, and I will or sorry no, I will hit the share, but I'll do copy link, and then what I do is I like to also split my screen when I do this too, and I'll go here, and I really like this SnapInsta. To and I'm sure that name changes all the time because it's probably illegal. But then I'll paste the URL here, and I'll hit download, and it'll pop up with close this ad, and it'll pop up with everything in the carousel that she posted. So, and then I go through, and I'm like, okay, what did I tailor? And I'll be like, okay, so this first one definitely need that one, and I'll download it. Oh, and usually anything that I've tailored, I will download, and even if it's not always showing, I'll download it just to have it. You know what I mean? So I just go through the line, download all the outfit photos, and. I mean, I don't even know who some of these people are, but whatever.

Speaker 1  04:10
These are wait. So this is from your saved download,

Speaker 2  04:13
download, download.

Speaker 3  04:15
Oh,

Speaker 2  04:16
and the videos, especially also because reels do way better than any of the other stuff. So

Speaker 1  04:25
wait. So is this from your saved or like did the? This

Speaker 2  04:28
is from her post. Yeah. So basically, I went from Instagram where I was. Sorry, not that. Um. So I go to my saves, right, and and it's like you usually don't have to go back and forth. But I go and then I have a saved folder of just tailoring stuff. And let me see if I can. I do like the split screen thing a lot, so it makes it okay. Can we? Sorry, one second.

Speaker 1  05:09
No, you're chilling. Also, I love you. There we

Speaker 2  05:11
go. This is just

Speaker 1  05:14
you know. Oh,

Speaker 2  05:15
thank you, thank you. Um, so okay, so now you can kind of get an idea. Here I have my my browser on one half with the posts that I'm basically downloading via the internet, and then like here's one where it's like Taylor Swift, Sabrina Carpenter, or Madonna. But I love this photo of Charlie with Madonna. It's the only one I want, and it's for on W Magazine, which is like super credible. So I will click the share button, copy the link, and hopefully I got all of these. I think I did, and and then I'll go to this back to over here, and I'll do download a other video, and I'll just pop up this thing again, and then I will paste the the link from Instagram to here, and now you will see that this pulls up the W magazine photos.

Speaker 1  06:19
This is

Speaker 2  06:20
I want yes.

Speaker 1  06:22
Oh, okay, got it.

Speaker 2  06:23
So that way I don't have to go through and screenshot them.

Speaker 1  06:26
Yeah,

Speaker 2  06:27
because whenever I do that, I mean, there's a way that I have figured out how to do that where you can kind of like. I don't like that when you screenshot it, it shows the little like tag button in the corner, and then the audio button in the other corner, and everybody uses those. So basically, basically, you what you can do is you can like you know how you can like take you can zoom into photos. Well, when you go to zoom, it will remove those things. See how, like here, it has the little guy in the corner, and if you zoom it a little bit, and so you can zoom it a little bit and screenshot it, and then crop it, and that works just as fine. But either way, it's like a very tedious process. You see what I'm saying? So all of the photos of Charlie, I'm just downloading, and I will do that for literally every single one of these posts. Especially, I want-I definitely want these, like this photo of her in her hotel room, because, like, you know, that's the BTS of it all. We definitely need that. So we're gonna copy the link. We're gonna go back up here. Download other video. Paste this URL in. Paste. Download. I'm just gonna get like I'm not gonna do all of these because I'm actually probably gonna post this tomorrow. I just kind of wanted to give you like a rundown of like a very serious post. You know what I mean? So so so

Speaker 1  08:17
then the photos though is like what's what are you looking at or like I

Speaker 2  08:21
mean, I'm just looking for the best quality images of stuff that I worked on, and I prefer full body because, like, you and like I would have to give you a description of what I worked on, or like send you the invoice so you would know, like, oh, I worked on the I did a hem on the chrome heart pants so like here she's wearing in the in this photo here she's wearing like this is her chrome heart's afters outfit but you don't see the pants at all so it's not like I'm not super duper into the idea of posting that photo, just because you don't really see any of my work. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  09:08
The one with her and the guy. What?

Speaker 2  09:10
Yeah, this one right here.

Speaker 1  09:11
But what about the one about her chest? Because like it's it's this

Speaker 2  09:14
one

Speaker 1  09:15
not really like showing everything, is it?

Speaker 2  09:17
Right. Like this is more of like something the stylist would post because they have to tag the jewelry because it's like a sponsorship thing. Like sometimes I'll post stuff like that if it's like if I think it's like a really super good

Speaker 4  09:34
image,

Speaker 2  09:34
but not so much. In her after party outfit, I didn't. It's like literally just the same. Like I don't think I did anything on this bra, so don't need it. But this one definitely with her with the red solo cup, like definitely need that

Speaker 1  09:53
one. Okay.

Speaker 2  09:53
See what I'm

Speaker 1  09:54
saying? Yeah.

Speaker 2  09:55
So okay. So um, and I think I might have downloaded that twice, but whatever. And then download this one just for good measure. Okay, so then once once I got all of the photos, you know, like obviously we got to get this video in there, and this like I love this look so much that I could almost do this in a reel all by itself, and then do the rest of the stills in a separate post. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  10:27
Yeah.

Speaker 2  10:28
That way, because when I post a carousel with the video in it, it crops it super weird, and then also reels do so much better than like a video in a carousel. Does that make sense? So I'm just gonna like copy this one. Just I guess I know this is kind of a bit of an overkill, but I'll just download this one really quick. And I love that the stylist is in there, like doing his little, doing his little thing. Oops, wrong button. I was wondering because you know

Speaker 1  11:04
not get the app because it's just like you can. It's just the same amount of time.

Speaker 2  11:08
I mean, I don't know. I guess I, I could, I would use the app. I just honestly, I didn't know that they. I don't think they had the app when I started doing this, so now they have an app. Like,

Speaker 1  11:24
her right?

Speaker 2  11:25
I don't. I don't. Maybe they did have an app.

Speaker 1  11:29
I use an app, but anyways, I use either.

Speaker 2  11:32
Yeah, I'm also just cheap, so

Speaker 1  11:35
you go expensive.

Speaker 2  11:37
Um, it depends how much the app is truly, because if it's like $50 a month, like why?

Speaker 1  11:43
No, literally.

Speaker 2  11:44
I will just get rid of the ads. So then I go to my downloads. Okay. Essential. Okay. So now we're on to the next phase, right? And usually, what I'll do is I will, like, what I'll do is I will. Go through these one at a time. Make sure that it's like something I actually want, and then I'll be like save video, and it'll save it to my. I'll go. I can go to my photos, and it'll like then it'll be here. Boom.

Speaker 1  12:26
Okay.

Speaker 2  12:27
Maybe the app will let you just save it directly into your without without having to download it or whatever. I don't fucking know. You're you're you're the young brilliant one. This is why I'm coming to you.

Speaker 1  12:40
Yeah. So

Speaker 2  12:41
okay, great, love that. So I'm. I don't care how you do it as long as it

Speaker 1  12:48
gets done.

Speaker 2  12:49
Make gets done, and if you can make it faster and cheaper, then we can be on to the next fucking thing. So then basically, I go through These boom boom boom. I think you can. Usually, I think I when I do it on my laptop, I can just grab all of them and sweep them into like a folder, essentially, right? But just for the sake of whatever, I'm just gonna save a few more and. And so we can create a create a mock post. What do

Speaker 1  13:27
you do a certain number?

Speaker 2  13:30
I don't really care. I I mean, if you have any thoughts on like what the algorithm likes to see, I'm all ears because like I'm okay doing multiple posts if there's like a specific number, I literally just post. See, like these these are the pants. You don't see the hem, but at least you see the fucking pants. You know what I mean? So we definitely we definitely need that. And then, um, okay, wait. Where is my my photos? Okay, so, boom. Now she's in our. Now, now we have the three. We have one. We have two, and then we have three. So, I don't need three posts for one event, really. Like, if she's doing three looks, like let's just find the best photos of each look and put it in one post. And then, if we want to do something, went like if we want to do a reel, like that could be the second post. You know what I'm saying?

Speaker 1  14:43
Yeah.

Speaker 2  14:45
Like I don't. It doesn't need to be overkill. And then what I'll do from there is I'll go to my and I'll give you like the login to my

Speaker 5  14:58
cool,

Speaker 2  14:59
not my personal account, but the other one,

Speaker 1  15:01
the the business account. Yeah,

Speaker 2  15:03
yeah, whatever. This my my I guess truly this is my personal account. Ironically, because that's my name. But um, so then I'll go here.

Speaker 1  15:17
I was like looking for photos of you for your profile photo. Oh

Speaker 2  15:20
yeah, no, because they're all on my flower. They're all here. Do you follow me on tier? I know there are though. These, this is me. Look, that's a. This is a photo of me from January. I guess

Speaker 1  15:36
it's on me. I look.

Speaker 2  15:37
I mean, okay, so like the concept for this is like truly like I try not to double post, but so here's what I've been learning is that you get better engagement when you do the collab thing. So what I'll do is I'll be like Madison, and I'll tag Flower Thief as a collaborator, and then this comes up to the top of my page. This is probably why I've been losing mass amounts of followers on this page, but whatever, who cares? And then after a while, I'll be like, okay, like this has seen enough time on my page, because this is from 2025. So I will be like remove from main grid or whatever, and then I can always put it back if I really want to. You know what I mean? Like, and then and then it's like, okay, she's already on there twice. Like, so eventually, what I will do is I will like archive all of these posts, but since they're collaborator posts, it's like I'm getting like double the traction because it's on both of my pages at the same time as soon as I post. We'll get there, but anyway. So, so we're gonna do like a mock post now. I don't think we need this anymore. So here we are, Instagram. Basically, what I do is I will go to somebody's page. Who typically the style? I will wait for the stylist to post, and this stylist is Chris Herron. On here we go. So he and I should probably follow him. So he posted this, and if I scroll down and I go into open this up, you can see, yeah. You will see he like has everybody listed here for their whatever. So I will do this, and then basically like fuck. So I'll do a screenshot of it. Yeah, hit the

Speaker 1  18:10
yeah reverse.

Speaker 2  18:13
Jesus. Okay. Anyway, I'll do a screenshot of it and then save it to my photos because then I can go into my Photos, and I have that screen. Yeah, and then just copy and paste it usually, right? Because that then I have something I can work with when I'm doing my my post, and I love that he did not fucking

Speaker 1  18:41
include you.

Speaker 2  18:42
Tag me. It's fine. They did ask. He did. Ugh. He actually. Well, I gave him my other. Um. I mean, we just started working together, and he doesn't. We don't follow each other yet. So it's like you know what I mean. It's not like the. It's not like a huge deal. That's

Speaker 1  19:00
nice.

Speaker 2  19:01
But then I'll go into my notes because I don't like to edit my. Let's see, do a new note.

Speaker 1  19:11
Okay,

Speaker 2  19:12
I don't like to edit anything in the actual Instagram because it's just like ridiculous to try and do that. They they always fuck with everything, so I'll just use this, and I will basically be like, I'll basically do the same thing he did, but I will take his name and put it Above, like, I'll put it like here, underneath. Paste Chris Haran, and I'll do like styling by.

Speaker 1  19:55
Yeah, like that's the source.

Speaker 2  19:57
Yeah, basically, just like sorry, I'm trying to do this with my beer in between my legs.

Speaker 1  20:02
No, it's okay. I'm gonna drink while you do that.

Speaker 2  20:08
And blah blah blah. You know, and then I can like go through and format this. I really, I truly don't know how much I care about all of this, like tagging the designers, because I'm not the stylist, so I don't. I prefer to kind of like prioritize the people who I worked with, and then like the rest of the shit can go below. I don't really care that much about that stuff, but this has to be like, I don't know, like I don't know what happened to the guy's name that had the chateau picks or whatever. But you get the idea, right? So it's like I like to just clean this up. So it's like, okay, styling assistance, da da da da, hair. Make sure there's a space here. Makeup, and then it's like nails is supposed to be on its own line with this, and then chateau picks, and I'll go back over here, and I'll be like, "Fuck, we forgot. Well, how did that not get in there? You know what I mean? Like, hey, maybe he is in there somewhere. I don't know. Carpet look, blah blah blah. Performance look. He look blah blah blah blah blah.

Speaker 1  21:35
Love you.

Speaker 2  21:37
Yeah, that's. I mean, here's the thing. It's a thankless job.

Speaker 1  21:42
Yeah,

Speaker 2  21:42
but I'm not an assistant. I'm charging what I charge, and I'm doing it for the money. So I really don't care.

Speaker 1  21:49
And you know what? I love

Speaker 2  21:49
because my roster is my roster, and stylists don't ask questions when they see Cardi B and you know the fucking Disney Channel people or whatever. Like when they see the A-listers, it's basically like that's my roster. And when people come and they look at the roster and they see I have 500 followers, that just means I'm the best kept secret in the goddamn world. You know what I mean?

Speaker 1  22:20
I'm glad you know your worth,

Speaker 2  22:22
and that's why I don't want my personal account to be like I would love to want to post on my personal account, but I when I and but when I do post on Instagram, I'm just posting on my business account because it's like, and by the time I'm done with that, I'm like I don't give a fuck about my personal life being known. You know what I mean? And I would love, I would love to like be like, oh, I'm gonna post a slutty little picture on my personal account and pay Kyle to just you know do the the shit that I fucking hate because you know it's like it take it like takes the joy out of Instagram and social media for me. It's no longer social. Like I don't even respond to my DMs anymore. If you're not texting me or calling me, like good fucking luck. You know what I mean? Yeah. Okay. Anyway, so back to what we were doing. Um. So basically,

Speaker 1  23:20
like we're gonna figure

Speaker 2  23:20
from from where we go here, and if you can automate this with AI, like I'll still pay you to like do yeah you know web design or whatever. But let's like this is right now. This is my current hurdle, and I have I'll show you this. This is I have a dedicated. I shared this note to you once already. I think my IG. I think it's on here. IG.

Speaker 1  23:52
Your login or your your like descriptions.

Speaker 2  23:57
Insta. I shared a note with you a while ago, but I don't know if it's uploading on to here.

Speaker 1  24:03
Oh yeah! Oh man! Remember,

Speaker 2  24:05
I showed you. I made a checklist. Basically, I shared that with you because I want to be able to be like, "Oh, did did I get this Vaughn Dutch thing posted? No. Let's.

Speaker 1  24:18
No, this is me. No.

Speaker 2  24:20
I shared a note with you in text message.

Speaker 1  24:22
Have it. I have a.

Speaker 2  24:23
And it says, "Okay, yes, exactly. So like that, I want to be able to be like, "Okay, Kyle, like go to the pick one of those.

Speaker 1  24:33
Yeah.

Speaker 2  24:33
Pandora Pandora Knox's song comes out on november 31. I'm pretty sure, or maybe it.

Speaker 1  24:40
Okay, MV.

Speaker 2  24:41
It's a music video, so I actually can't. I don't. I know I can post. What I could post is teasers for it right now, and so I put it on there because people are posting about it, but the music video hasn't come out, and I'm don't have fucking time to post all of the teasers. I would rather just post when it comes out.

Speaker 1  25:00
Ella.

Speaker 2  25:02
Oh yeah, that's also Chris Haran's client. He works with her, Demi Lovato, Christina Aguilera.

Speaker 4  25:09
I think he just

Speaker 2  25:10
started working with fuck. What's that one?

Speaker 1  25:14
Christina's Lavato

Speaker 2  25:15
Angelina Jolie or something, or not Angelina.

Speaker 6  25:19
Yeah,

Speaker 2  25:19
she started working with that. She's that singer, Jenny from the block. What's her name? Anyway, so okay. So basically, what I do from here is I take this, and if I want to come up with something cheeky, like a cute saying or whatever, like I will put like, like it's Charlie, baby, and then that'll be the thing, and then for the VMAs, you know what I mean. Or sometimes I'll do like, I'll be like Charlie in YSL styled by Chris Haran, and then do like assistants, hair, makeup, blah blah blah blah blah. You know what I mean? Like, or I really don't care that much about the fluff of it all. Like, there are some people who love the fluff, and for me, like, don't care that much about the fluff. Like, it is what it is. There's nothing fluffy about the page except everything the girls are wearing. Like, that's enough fluff for me. So I copy this and I go into the Instagram and then I go and I make the post and I don't know that it'll actually let me post while you're in here.

Speaker 1  26:38
Okay,

Speaker 2  26:38
but

Speaker 1  26:39
can you stop screen sharing? Maybe it's hiding

Speaker 7  26:42
it.

Speaker 1  26:44
Is that why?

Speaker 2  26:44
No, I don't know. This is coming up.

Speaker 1  26:47
Yeah, that's so weird.

Speaker 2  26:48
Okay, wait. Let's try this one more time. Okay, wait. Post. Okay, whatever. So let's just use this for example. Yeah. Don't. No big deal. So those are the nails that I did for my friend. Looks like a toddler painted them because he kept messing them up. But whatever. Okay, and then I will do. Oh, this is. Why is it? Is this trying to make this into a? I don't want this. I think I want. I want a post. New post. Okay.

Speaker 1  27:26
Wait. Try closure. Sure.

Speaker 2  27:27
Okay. Yeah. Good idea.

Speaker 1  27:34
Oh, it's such a good one. Oh, I really want to watch that.

Speaker 2  27:38
Okay. So let's go here. I don't know. It's still doing it. Whatever doesn't matter. So I'll do this.

Speaker 1  27:44
Yeah.

Speaker 2  27:44
Next, um, we want. Oh, next because I don't care. Stream post. Okay, don't care. So then I'll post. I'll do like copy paste, and then I'll go in. I'll add audio that usually what I do is I'll post like Charlie's audio because obviously X C X and if I can get Madonna in there too Madonna

Speaker 1  28:17
yeah

Speaker 2  28:17
this one because that's what they're performing

Speaker 4  28:20
yeah

Speaker 2  28:20
you know what I mean. Like that's obviously so that we add that, and then I, you can beat match it, do whatever. I don't care that much about that part. So then what I'll go in is I'll invite collaborator. It'll be flower, that's me, and I do that just because Then I can I don't know and you correct me if I'm wrong but I think I get more views on my post if I share on both. I'm not that big into views at the moment like or likes or followers but if you think that's super important whatever I just don't necessarily need that much attention because I already have too much work on my hands, which is probably why I'm not posting anyway. So then I go through and I I also will like tag Chris Ron and I'll tag um all of the assistants and the whatever and like something I can do in the notes is like. give you enough information about who worked on it so that maybe you can like go through and you can find the stylist post and see who they credit. And most of the time, it's just like copy and paste that. And if they don't credit an assistant, like I'll credit them sometimes, but um, it's not that important to me. You know what I mean? It's just like sometimes it's important to me to maintain those relationships, but like I can always go in and like edit and add that stuff after it's posted. You know what I mean?

Speaker 1  29:59
Yeah.

Speaker 2  29:59
Um, add location. Okay, VMAs is usually like VMAs. I

Speaker 1  30:09
never even heard of that country. It said Anwinyor. It sounds like a province in India or something.

Speaker 2  30:15
Yeah, maybe it doesn't have VMAs. Well,

Speaker 1  30:18
wasn't it at the? It was in LA. It was at the forum or something.

Speaker 2  30:21
It's at the LA Live.

Speaker 1  30:23
Was it

Speaker 2  30:24
LA? Yeah. That's correct.

Speaker 1  30:26
Place is so small.

Speaker 2  30:28
I know. Honestly, I think it was. It's mostly just like TV. Whatever. Okay.

Speaker 1  30:35
Microsoft Theater, right? LA Live. Anyways, it's a. I I I could do it anyways. This is just a you know post. Yeah, the

Speaker 2  30:42
location not that important. Yeah. Um, tagging the people, crediting the people correctly is the most important part for me personally. And then you can go in and you can um. What you can do is schedule the post, and I don't know. Does scheduling the post make it like? See, I just like I I think this is a great way because then you can like you can pick a day and you can knock out like five of these in an hour, maybe you know what I mean, and then I'll pay you like I don't know 500 bucks, like whatever.

Speaker 1  31:21
Yeah, I got you. I

Speaker 2  31:21
don't know if that's I don't know if that's what we're doing, but whatever. You know what I'm saying? Like, if you can schedule them where you think like peak hours would be, like perfect. And then, um, and then maybe you can just give me a like a list of like when they post, so I can keep track of it, and that way I can go and like share it on my other pages or like do whatever. Um. So then, yeah. So then we like we schedule the post for whatever done. Um. Okay, and then so that's I think good, and then and then I'll just hit schedule, and then after I schedule it, okay, so that's scheduling. I don't know that I actually need it to be whatever, but or if it's posting live, then what I do is I go here, and I will like share it to my story, and I'll share like a couple photos from the carousel to my story, and and then I will share a couple different ones on my flower thief page, so that my story has like different photos. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  32:47
Yeah. Oh, sorry. Yeah, I was muted. Sorry. Yeah.

Speaker 2  32:52
Oh no, you're good. I'm just gonna delete this now because there's no reason for me to have that there. But yeah, so basically that's it.

Speaker 1  33:03
So I was wondering. So your

Speaker 2  33:05
thoughts, questions?

Speaker 1  33:07
Oh my god, I'm sorry, I was muted again. Yeah, so I was thinking, so that whole thing. So you noticed an intake in Reels views when you started cross posting, even though your followers were going down,

Speaker 2  33:23
so like I notice that my followers probably are just going down because I'm not actually posting on my Flower Thief page at all, other than posting on here and then using it as a collaborator. But I think that, like, I get way more views on things that are videos than I do stills. But it also depends, like, on the celebrity, on like, whatever. And I don't necessarily know that that's rocket science, or that that's how it's gonna stay forever. But like, I don't know. This didn't necessarily get like a ton of likes, but nobody knows who she is because she's an author. You know what I mean? Like, so I don't know. It just kind of, I really don't care.

Speaker 1  34:26
How long do you say it takes you normally? Like an hour, or you've had times where it takes you four hours because no one posts credit to anyone.

Speaker 2  34:35
I would say each post takes me about an hour from beginning to end, from down, like finding all of the photos. Also, there are places where you can go to find. Ryan uses this one. This guy I work with at the showroom, and I asked him for it yesterday, and it is called because his job at the showroom is to post photos of all of the clients that come through there. Um, it's called reverse image finder.

Speaker 4  35:19
Uh huh. Oh,

Speaker 2  35:24
can can you still hear me?

Speaker 1  35:25
Hear you now. Yeah.

Speaker 2  35:26
Okay. He says reverse image finder on apps. So it's just like a reverse image finder. So basically, he'll take like a Getty image because a lot of times Getty will watermark an image, and he'll just throw it in there, and it will go through all of because a lot of times what will happen is someone like W Magazine will purchase the photo for like $200 or whatever and post it without the watermark, and that's the photo we want. We're disconnecting.

Speaker 1  36:03
No, I'm sorry. Wait, could you say that part one more time? So you said something about Getty Image.

Speaker 2  36:08
Yeah. So Getty Image, they'll post red carpet photos, like something like something like this, right? They'll post this, but it'll say like Getty all over it, or like Getty photographed by so and so, and what people do is they will go to Getty's website, find the photo, and you have the option to buy it without the watermark. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  36:34
Yeah,

Speaker 2  36:35
but a lot of publications will buy it, and then when they go to post their, you know, like W Magazine isn't going to post something that says Getty images on it, so they're going to buy the photo to post it, and that is the photo that we want is like the one that doesn't have the watermark on it. Yep. So basically, the reverse image finder, you just take an image from the Getty images or from your Google search and throw it in Reverse Image Finder, and it'll pop up with like every image that looks like that image. And we just want to find one clear shot that doesn't that isn't like fuzzy or blurry or whatever, like a weird angle that doesn't have the watermark. And usually, like it'll be like W Magazine, Vogue magazine, L magazine, or you know, whoever. But it's my biggest pet peeve when like there's a watermark on there. It just looks really. People do it all the time, but I think it just looks really tacky. Especially when it's like it's fine if it's like E or whatever, but like when it says like Getty photographed by so and so, like I don't know that I really want that.

Speaker 1  37:47
Gotcha.

Speaker 2  37:48
I want it to look expensive and clean, whatever.

Speaker 1  37:52
I mean, right? Like you know, not like expensive in the sense that you you get paid what you're worth because like you know you give them the highest quality possible,

Speaker 2  38:02
right? And it's like the attention to detail. And it's like if my if there's no attention to detail on my Instagram, like like why would it translate as like attention to detail to the clothes?

Speaker 1  38:14
Yeah, like I always think about like like there was a time I wanted to be a DJ, and I ruined a I ruined a party or I ruined like an event with all my coworkers there, and like I realized like how

Speaker 2  38:24
did you ruin it?

Speaker 1  38:25
Because I didn't know how to DJ, and like I ruined the party. I just plugged in Spotify halfway through every time. It's like, oh, you know what DJs like the best DJs do? You don't even feel the transition. Like it's just,

Speaker 1  38:41
and that's what you do. Like you make them so perfect that it's just like, oh, of course the celebrity's wearing this. When it's like anyone can wear this, and it's like the best quality possible.

Speaker 2  38:50
Oh yeah, this is the only photo of me on my tailoring.

Speaker 1  38:55
That's like such high value. Like literally, like you said, best kept secret. You could

Speaker 2  39:01
So I would love to like just log in and be like, here's a stupid photo of me tailoring next to all of these gorgeous pieces of work, but like that's usually like for me it's like the fun is gone. So I'm trying to have more fun, and that's why I want to like? I'm working with these new makers, and we're gonna make inflatables. And he pays people pretty well. He pays 32 an hour.

Speaker 1  39:28
Hell yeah!

Speaker 2  39:30
Yeah, I don't know. Like, I don't know what you make doing office work, and I'm sure it's probably like pretty decent because you're in.

Speaker 1  39:39
I make the

Speaker 2  39:40
bay

Speaker 1  39:41
50.

Speaker 2  39:41
Yeah. Oh, look at you. I know. Oh, off king. Um,

Speaker 1  39:48
I can't afford anything. Still, I live at home. Well, I mean,

Speaker 2  39:50
it's nice that. Are you paying rent?

Speaker 1  39:54
No. Are you paying

Speaker 2  39:54
rent? Oh, then you're saving. You're saving way more than I am. Then you know what I mean. Like, I

Speaker 1  40:01
just got a car and I have student loans, but like we're

Speaker 2  40:04
God. Well,

Speaker 1  40:05
thing of like a bigger business in my mind, you know.

Speaker 2  40:08
Totally, that's how I feel.

Speaker 1  40:10
I'm like, if we figure this out for us, then like we can just like do it for other people.

Speaker 2  40:14
Yeah, and like right now, I got the plug on like the best prop sign maker, 3d printer, like this 3d printer I have to show you the 3d printer he just bought is this big like look at this thing

Speaker 1  40:30
my dream in life is to make a like a makers cafe where it's just 3d printers you like anyone can just come in and like use them like a like fucking FedEx.

Speaker 2  40:39
Well, they have those down here in the yeah. Well, here they in the like the fashion district they have these places where it's like, um, come and heat press whatever you want, or embroider whatever you want, or 3d print whatever you want. It's like there are little niche shops where they're just like someone will come and help you basically do it, and you just kind of bring in your whatever and your materials, and I'm sure a lot of times they have materials and stuff for you anyway. But um, I'm so grateful for you and your energy and your

Speaker 1  41:18
yeah you ambition

Speaker 2  41:19
because I, you know, I need more smart, intelligent people around me who don't make me want to pull my hair out. This was actually so much easier than I thought it was going to be. Oh yeah, no, and then even if like whatever happens, like I just want your friendship. So. Oh yeah, yeah, of course, of course.

Speaker 1  41:38
Like I love, I love that we can like do business.

Speaker 2  41:41
Okay, so like for reference, this is Pandora Knox, and she.

Speaker 1  41:46
I love Gabriella.

Speaker 2  41:49
Oh my God, she's. I love collaborating with her. I'm actually working with her this week on a boy London runway show. That's really fun.

Speaker 1  41:58
She had a post that was like my favorite, one of my favorite photos on Instagram of the the Jean one, like it's like the only post on my Instagram. It's like the Jean in like a wood room, and then you posted it, or like you started. I'm like, how do they know each other? Like this is the most insane thing ever. Like

Speaker 2  42:16
the Jean.

Speaker 1  42:17
That was it.

Speaker 2  42:18
Oh, this

Speaker 1  42:18
one. No, go back. That's probably that.

Speaker 2  42:21
Oh, this one.

Speaker 1  42:22
That one. That one. That was like my favorite photo ever. And then I'm like, oh my god, they know each other. Like, how does she always know those people?

Speaker 2  42:29
Yeah. So, so actually, she is really good at. She's kind of a bit of a nepo baby, but she's really good at like meeting designers and creating relationships with designers, and just like has the funds to kind of like invest in whatever her image is. So she'll be like, okay, let's all she'll like organize these shoots that are all just like collab shoots, and then with people like this one we did, and

Speaker 1  43:05
I love this one.

Speaker 2  43:05
This one was incredible, and everyone here worked for free. Like we all did it together, and then we basically waited almost a fucking year until the images got published. Because we, you basically have to like send out your images to all of these publishing houses and magazines and stuff, and eventually one of them will publish the images. Hopefully, if it's good enough, and Fault Magazine published this, and and like, and then we all posted it. You know what I mean? So it was like madness, actually, that it finally got posted, and I was like, "Oh my god! Like this is the first time something I've styled with Gabby got published. But like, we've worked on things here and there before, but we've just been like homies. You know what I mean? Who have kind of been like working in tandem together. Like we worked on this one together a long time ago, and that was kind of like the first time we ever did something together. But it's usually a lot of like her organizing these shoots, and now we're finally getting to the point where it's like, okay, she's finally pulling these clients, like this Pandora Knox chick, who these London kids, this London director picked her up and was like, and was like, oh, like we want to use Gabby for our shoots because she always does like the coolest shit, you know. And they're all very into like the costume, fantasy, horror, sci-fi shit, and that's really what Gabby's on is like that. Because everyone's a little different. Like some people are into streetwear, some people are into high fashion, some people are into the DIY thing, some people are like drag. It's all, you know, there's a million different things so on the internet,

Speaker 1  45:02
like besides from the work that you do for like commission, what's what would you say yours is, or what do you think other people think yours is, like as you, as Flower Thief?

Speaker 2  45:13
I don't know. I feel like my like my design esthetic is very much not wanted by stylists. Like, very rarely are stylists, and I'm kind of weeding out a lot of stylists who don't like my opinion because it's like hard to work with people who are like, don't talk in the fitting. It's like, okay, that's so awkward. It's like so inhumane almost. But I like working with Chris Haran because I'm like I can do a corset in the back, and he'll be like, "Yes, please. You know, it's like that's the type of people I need to be in the room with. It's the people who are like, or or I wasn't even like, "Hey, I could do this, or like I want to do this. It was like I can do this, and he was just like jumped on it immediately. And you know, a lot of stylists will get kind of threatened because it just takes one like cool kid, like hot new fresh kid with a good conceptual mind and the ability to like dress somebody. It's really that simple. It's like stylists are personal shoppers. A lot of what they do is not talent based. It's like relationship based. So they get really threatened easily by their assistants because assistants will steal their will steal clients. Like especially if you're a stylist who has like seven different clients, and the only person that client sees is the assistant, they're eventually going to create a better relationship with the assistant than they do the stylist. You know what I mean? It's like, it's like that's how that shit happens, and the stylists get really fucking weird because it's their money. You know what I mean? So it's a it's it's a fickle world, and you really don't need like a college degree or anything to become a stylist. There is no training boot camp for it. It's just like you're either into putting your entire life aside for these celebrities or not.

Speaker 1  47:28
So, but do you think you have an identity in your work?

Speaker 2  47:34
I think, I think I'm starting to like get to the point where I'm not just taking on clients because I need them or the money. Now I'm like able to be like I just want to work with the cool girls, you know.

Speaker 1  47:52
Yeah.

Speaker 2  47:53
But it takes a really long time to get to that point. Like some people never get to that point. Some people find their like meal ticket and they just stick with that one client forever. But I've been like doing everyone for so long that it's like there's no one stylist that can own me.

Speaker 1  48:11
And I'm just now I'm just like wondering as like an economist, it's like, do you like do you see a trend working with like the cool girls? Like, do they have something in common or something that like they don't have that everyone else has that sets them apart?

Speaker 2  48:27
Um, so a lot of them are like, it's like what's happening. What I see right now is like the Keshes of the world, the Grimeses of the world. Um, they're all pick. They're all kind of like at that point where they're like, we don't want to tour all the time. Like we want to basically groom somebody else to be the next pop star. So they kind of like start creating their own record label And kind of like handpicking these super talented girls from wherever to basically be like, okay, we're gonna back you. So that's kind of the the like main thing with all of these girls is it's like it's like this. It's the same thing where rappers started taking like their girlfriends and turning them into rappers, and now like all of the best rappers are female rappers.

Speaker 1  49:32
Yeah, Corley Roy. I'm thinking like, cause like,

Speaker 2  49:35
yeah,

Speaker 1  49:36
they dated, then they broke up like famously, and then she still had a career, like you know,

Speaker 2  49:40
yeah, yeah. So Cardi B,

Speaker 7  49:43
yeah,

Speaker 2  49:44
yeah, and Cardi B, like all of it. It's very much like, or like even like all the way back, like I don't know, since the dawn of time,

Speaker 1  49:57
and B I G, yeah.

Speaker 2  49:59
Oh yes, yes. Or I was thinking of the one that died. What's name? It starts with an A.

Speaker 1  50:04
I don't know. Aaliyah died. I don't know.

Speaker 2  50:08
Aaliyah. Aaliyah. Yes. Aaliyah. Aaliyah was one too. She was like 15, dating a rapper or something. Yeah. Like crazy.

Speaker 1  50:16
Yeah.

Speaker 2  50:17
Yeah. Yeah. So I know this isn't really like rocket science, but so this is that's just it. That's the TED talk.

Speaker 1  50:28
I love it. I learned so much.

Speaker 2  50:31
Yeah, but I feel like your like young brain can take this and just like condense it into something that's like throw it through AI and make it easy for you and me. Like I am super analog about everything I do, and I think that's why I love working with my hands. So when it comes to doing all of this stuff, it's like like I said, by the time I'm done writing the invoice, I'm like, fuck this job. Like, I'm already working on Hello Kitty right now. I'm working on Bond Dutch right now. I'm working on Boy London right now. It's like, I'm not trying to live in the past. I'm trying to be like really present and

Speaker 1  51:20
yeah,

Speaker 2  51:21
and I just don't like Meta.

Speaker 1  51:24
Do you mind if I? So, what are the other tasks like? Let's say, like, what are the other apps or the other parts of the process? Like, you say you make invoices. So, do you like an invoice app or?

Speaker 2  51:36
Oh yeah, I use QuickBooks.

Speaker 1  51:38
Okay.

Speaker 2  51:39
Yeah, I'm a QuickBook person. It's not like my favorite, but it's just like what I've been using forever. So, I I actually don't hate QuickBooks. I think other people hate that I use QuickBooks more than I hate QuickBooks because I send out QuickBook reminders like at two in the morning, and I don't go fuck. I'm like, hey, remember me? Knock knock. And it's because

Speaker 1  52:02
like it has your taxes by the end of the year.

Speaker 2  52:06
Um, you know my taxes. I don't necessarily use my QuickBooks so much for my taxes. I kind of just like pay whatever I have to sign 1090 nines for, and then the rest of it. I mean, I do. It it is nice to keep a running total of like how much I've made in the year, just so I have an idea. But I'm definitely not trying to like fund World War Three with my tailoring money. So,

Speaker 1  52:42
how do you organize it? Like, do you have like folders of like all your invoices, or you just have them on your phone?

Speaker 2  52:48
It's yeah, it's just in my QuickBooks app on my phone. Oh yeah, I guess I I don't really like download or print anything. It's just like there, and I can search people by like customer name, and and it will basically like list everything I do is 1099 or not sorry everything I do is net 30 so it will be like 30 days later it turns red and that's when I'm like oh this is late like let me start sending out emails to like get people to pay or like poking the beast, you know what I mean.

Speaker 1  53:24
How do you make emails? You just like go straight like to the Google, like the Gmail, and you're like, okay, I gotta like hit them up with like a message like, hey.

Speaker 2  53:33
Okay, wait, hold on, let me. So, um, hi. So basically, it will just email people directly from the app, but it kind of shows up like spam. So I always CC my own personal email, so that way I see it and I can respond. Like the one annoying thing with expenses is there's no way for me to add like attachments to my invoice. So I CC myself and then I'll like respond on my personal with photos of receipts, and that's just what works with me. Like honestly, I think people just appreciate it from like an honesty policy sort of thing. But it's I I'm sure I could get away with not doing that.

Speaker 1  54:14
Does it say QuickBooks like when you send them stuff, or it just says like your Gmail?

Speaker 2  54:18
Oh yeah, it'll pop. It basically pops up with like a do you it'll pop up and be like you received a QuickBooks it'll say like QuickBooks Madison McFarland

Speaker 1  54:31
yeah and

Speaker 2  54:31
then when you click on it and open it it basically just says like your invoice is ready and then it gives you the total and then it gives you the option to pay and to view the invoice, and if you click view the invoice, it'll pop up with like the legit invoice format where it's like, okay, your name, address, and whatever is here, and my name address is over here, and then it's like gives you the breakdown, which I have to like handwrite everything, but it does also give me options to create sort of like like I can create something that's like alterations, and then it's like flat rate hourly or or whatever. There's another option I don't remember what it is, and then it'll basically create like default templates for itemized things that I do a lot. So I can like I have one that's like materials, and that's like a flat rate item. But then it's like alterations, and that's always an hourly item. And the hourly I always end up editing just based on who the client is and how long they've been around because my rate has been going up, but I have kept my rate the same for people. Like Charlie XCX is paying me $160 an hour. I charged her well, kind of. I charged her a flat day rate for the days, and kind of gave her like a little bit of a discount because it's such a big project. You know what I mean?

Speaker 1  56:10
Yeah.

Speaker 2  56:11
But I could have charged her like five extra hours, maybe six extra hours if I really wanted to. But like, fuck it. Who cares? Like, I don't want to. Yeah. I don't want to do that math. Like, and I told him, I was like, you know, I, like, I, I feel like it's it'll just be like easier and faster for me to invoice her day rates, and I can give you guys a little bit of a discount. But she didn't tell me. She was like, you are one of the more expensive tailors we work with, and I'm like, I understand, but there's a reason because I don't want to do this every day. You know what I mean?

Speaker 1  56:47
She's like, oh, she's gonna get this fucking job done.

Speaker 2  56:50
Yeah, 100% Yeah, 100% I'm gonna get this job done, and I'm gonna get it in vogue. Like, yeah, I've been on a vogue streak where everything I touch goes viral, and I'm like, "Damn, okay. Like,

Speaker 1  57:04
you know, reminds

Speaker 2  57:05
everyone.

Speaker 1  57:06
It's like that basketball player. I forgot who is. Is like the Joker. He's like, he's like, I think he won the championship, but the family thing is like he's on like from like Slovakia or something.

Speaker 2  57:16
Yes, I know who. Um, I know you're talking about um,

Speaker 1  57:20
Vic or something. He doesn't like basketball anymore. You know, like every interview, he's like he

Speaker 2  57:24
never liked basketball. He just doesn't like smoke cigarettes. And he, what's crazy is he loved, he loved what's his name? The fucking the the fucking L.A. guy who's not Kobe, but the other guy, not Kobe.

Speaker 1  57:44
I don't know Larry Bird.

Speaker 2  57:46
No, the one that's on

Speaker 1  57:47
Magic.

Speaker 2  57:48
That's the one. I think he's still with L.A.

Speaker 1  57:52
LeBron. Magic.

Speaker 4  57:53
LeBron.

Speaker 2  57:54
He loved LeBron, but it's so interesting because LeBron, you know, he's like so serious about the game. He's like, he everyone knows he's like the first one in the stadium. He's like the last one to leave. And when this guy came, when he moved from whatever team he went on to the LA team, he was like eating burgers and smoking cigarettes and partying and like everyone was like, it's gonna be so interesting to watch him play with LeBron, and he loves LeBron, and it's like I wonder if he's gonna like shape up. He's just like he's like fuck it. I I he's like I don't care. Like he shamelessly does not care. He's like I'm the this is the fucking this is what pays me money. It's a job. Like I don't have to love it.

Speaker 1  58:40
Do I heard that about Eminem? Like Acon said, like dude, he treats it like a nine to five. He came in at nine a.m. He left at 5p.m. He's like, I'm gonna go hang out with my daughter, and like he's like

Speaker 7  58:50
at noon, I'm. He's like, all right, it's time for lunch, and he like left and like literally went to lunch.

Speaker 1  58:59
We're just like smoking, hang out like you know, calling their homies. He's like, like just rapping. He's like, dude, that's the best verse I've heard all year. That's how you are with dresses, you know.

Speaker 2  59:11
I guess I wish it wasn't like that. I would love to do more creative, fun stuff, but you know, it takes so much money. And right now, I'm like, I know it looks super glam on the outside, but it's like, I really don't make that much that much money right now. You know, like I'm,

Speaker 1  59:30
and yeah,

Speaker 2  59:31
yeah, and I like have expenses. Like I have crazy. I live in LA, which is the biggest expense. It's just like you know, like, and I have a roommate, and I don't have any fucking walls. I live like a monk. I'm never home. Like, my cat needs my roommate. You know what I mean? Like, I need my roommate. He's like, he's like actually the best assistance I have here. Like this morning, I was like, we have no water in the apartment. I'm gonna deliver a bunch of shit from Whole Foods. Will you just be there to open the door and like get the stuff? You know. So that's

Speaker 1  1:00:15
but like like let's say like best case scenario, we keep working together. This goes well, and like we just get you get time back. Like what what what projects you want to do, or you haven't even thought about that yet.

Speaker 2  1:00:28
Well, okay, so right now I've been kind of working. I've been really working with this guy at Replicant Labs, and I don't know. I'll text you. I'll show you he that 3d printer I showed you, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:00:42
it's sick.

Speaker 2  1:00:43
Right. Oh, see. Okay. So what's crazy is your name is Kyle in my phone. So I wonder. I wonder if what happened is I was texting you on my iPad, and you know how when you're on your iPad and your your messages come up as just numbers, I probably typed it in on my iPad, all fucked up, and just like put you in as Kyle. Please

Speaker 1  1:01:05
keep it. It's so cute.

Speaker 7  1:01:07
Okay, you're Kyle Lee now, but she's gender bending today.

Speaker 1  1:01:15
I love and I love Kyle Lee Jenner. Honestly, like I hate her and I love her. Like she's so good. So it's a compliment.

Speaker 2  1:01:22
She's just a baby,

Speaker 1  1:01:23
dude. But she's so rich.

Speaker 2  1:01:26
Um. So, okay, yeah. So let me show you what I worked on. So he just bought that massive 3d printer. It took him two days to print a fourth of this hat that we made Vermont Dutch, and he likes working with me because I work with fabric, and so he wants to start like upholstering everything. And so we made this giant thing, and okay, I'm sending it to you right now. And then yesterday he was like, "Hey, will you like upholster this LED sign, this like OnlyFans sign for me. I want to make a joke about how I'm their like highest subscriber or whatever, and or or I'm like their highest client. So like this is like the shit we've been working on over there. And he like has carpenters, he has welders, he's got all of this shit, and he's kind of like the same as me. He's like the boy builder, Bob the builder version of me. It's like he's doing props and I'm doing fashion, and so like we're not competing at all, but like we both have something to gain from each other. And I've been like, I've been like inviting stylists to come to the shop, and they're like so impressed, and like da da da, and so I'm trying to like figure out how do we get like him making $30,000 customs for Cardi B. You know what I mean? Like that's where we need to be with the 3d printing because it's like, yeah, maybe like Vaughn Dutch is paying $100,000 for us to do their entire fucking event, and it takes us three fucking weeks to build the entire thing with like tons and tons and tons of people. But like those little like fashion jobs here and there could be like funding a lot of shit. You know what I mean? Because makes

Speaker 1  1:03:18
good because because

Speaker 2  1:03:19
they just yeah the like, and like right now, all of the, all of like Katy Perry wants to wear full like chrome plated plastic armor stuff, and Cardi B's wearing that, and like we're we're all sick of seeing that shit, but that's what they want to do, and he wants to move into doing inflatables because all of the his clients are like festival and commercial and film and stuff like that. So Insomniac Events does EDC every year, so he goes. I'll probably go with him in May to EDC and like help him build for like the entire month in Vegas, but they're really like itching for inflatables because they're super lightweight. There's no like wood. There's no like the like the biggest problem would be like flammability. But same with wood. But it's just like way easier to move an inflatable from point A to point B than it is like huge, like you know, like foam covered in resin and all that shit.

Speaker 1  1:04:36
Be like closer to him and his business because like it's such a good pairing.

Speaker 2  1:04:41
Um, I don't really know. Like, I think it's a great resource for me because ideally, I would like to get to the point where I have more creative control over what I'm doing. But having the resources is really like monumentally groundbreaking for me. Is like having someone who can just like, oh, we'll just throw it in a 3D printer. Oh, you need something designed and on like Resolum and 3D really quick for a client. I got a guy who will do it. Like

Speaker 1  1:05:15
Kyle is like, I have all these things.

Speaker 2  1:05:17
Yes, yes, exactly. And he loves having me around because he's like, I'm going to an event. Can you tailor a suit for me? And I'm like, yeah. Like, you know, we just we're we're almost like a married couple at this point. Yeah. Like this is now a marriage.

Speaker 1  1:05:30
Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:05:30
Yeah. So

Speaker 1  1:05:31
McDonald's.

Speaker 7  1:05:33
Yeah. He's probably McDonald's, and I'm definitely the Coke. But

Speaker 1  1:05:39
knows you. Everyone knows you.

Speaker 2  1:05:40
He's the cake. I'm the frosting. All right, like I, I do all of the finishing. I do mostly what I do for him when I'm like actually hands-on working, is the finishings because the men, when they try to do finishings, they'll like fuck up something like one of the steps, and we'll have to redo the entire fucking thing, which is like sometimes days of labor out the fucking window. So it's just like really frustrating. And then he'll be like, "Well, I don't know how I'm gonna fucking pay you guys for all this extra work, like we're so we're like $15,000 over budget because now I gotta get a welder to come and do the work that I was gonna do because now I have to do I have to deal with this that you guys fucked up and it's just like there's so many there's like three projects going on in the shop at all times. It's kind of crazy.

Speaker 1  1:06:40
Wait, but what would you do with like more time? Beside, I would just live life. Maybe more creative. You'll figure it out.

Speaker 2  1:06:47
Well, I mean, I would probably like I I would love to like get more organized because I feel like my studio is getting a little bit more organized slowly but surely. But like I have so much fabric, and it's nice to have when I like need it in a pinch. But I'd love to like be prototyping, be like, you know, just like constantly prototyping, and then like sell like a small run of something, and then maybe something really pops off, and I just like mass produce that thing, and it becomes like the staple hero piece for my brand. You know, like I would love to do something like that. I don't know that I have time to do something like that right now because anyone I know who is doing that, it's like that's their thing. And right now, my thing is tailoring for celebrities. So I could either design for celebrities or I could tailor for celebrities. And being a designer for the celebrities isn't like you don't really necessarily always get to like go meet the celebrity. You know what I mean? So what I do is way More personal, and I didn't really know that in the beginning when I started all of this, but I guess that's kind of been like that's kind of been like what I've learned looking back. Is like you know maybe it was better this way than being the designer because yeah, like people want to be friends with a designer who's showing in New York Fashion Week and doing the fashion show, and they want to sit front row and whatever. But those designers are like, you know,

Speaker 1  1:08:33
yeah,

Speaker 2  1:08:35
they're like big time. And I'm not saying I can't be big time. It's just

Speaker 1  1:08:39
I think you're a big time is just a weird middle, you know. Like once you get organized, like you can start making bigger moves, you know.

Speaker 2  1:08:45
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and

Speaker 1  1:08:48
just you know, just takes.

Speaker 2  1:08:49
Well, and I can't do it alone. Like I've been doing all of this literally by myself. Like I, I just finally hired an assistant for the first time this year to help me sew things, and the first assistant failed miserably. That didn't go well. The second assistant is awesome, but she also has her own clients because she's also a tailor. You know, she also does celebrities. So it's like she's not always always available. So I'm kind of in this weird spot, and she's like, "Let's start an agency. And I'm like, "I've also tried to start an agency before with social media. So that, and that's like you with that. It's like, do you want to be an agent or do you want to do the thing?

Speaker 1  1:09:34
What would you do as an agency?

Speaker 2  1:09:38
I mean, a lot of agencies just like manage people, and it's all just admin work. It's like at the computer, like arranging the jobs, doing the contracts. I don't want to do that. That's to me, that's like not creative enough.

Speaker 1  1:09:52
Yeah, I feel you.

Speaker 2  1:09:54
I gotta like be doing the creative stuff and leave leave the like

Speaker 1  1:10:00
yeah the

Speaker 2  1:10:01
detail. or like, yeah, like some people really love that stuff, and I, I get it, but I'm just not

Speaker 1  1:10:08
stick with what you love and good at.

Speaker 2  1:10:11
Yeah, yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  1:10:13
Wait, so what was your budget?

Speaker 2  1:10:17
Um, I don't know that I have a budget per se, but I'm like thinking, like

Speaker 1  1:10:25
worth to you for like if I if you paid per post because you have 76 posts.

Speaker 2  1:10:31
Yeah, I mean I don't know. Well, what's it worth to you though? Because it's your time. You know what I mean?

Speaker 1  1:10:37
Yeah, but I mean like I I here's where I'm thinking like what I want to do is like I want to do it manually, but I want to figure out how to use AI to automate it, and then it might get to the point where you can just use like an app to do it all in one go without me.

Speaker 2  1:10:56
Yeah,

Speaker 4  1:10:56
or

Speaker 2  1:10:57
yeah,

Speaker 1  1:10:58
might still be a thing where it's like maybe you just like give me one thing and then I can do it quickly. For the first round, I don't know, like, like, like I, I, I just want to know, like, what, like, let's for 76 points.

Speaker 2  1:11:17
Well, I'm thinking, like, I'm thinking, like,

Speaker 1  1:11:19
like whatever. What if

Speaker 2  1:11:20
it's, but instead of thinking it as like such a whole thing, is like why don't we break it down and or instead of it being like about the post, it's like is there like an hourly rate that you would be comfortable with and then we could just like because like I don't necessarily need all of these crushed out this month. You know what I mean? Like nor do I really want that. Like, I would, I would rather like, as long as you're not like pining for the money, you know. Like, I would rather just like start it out, and you like tell me like, okay, like we could do like three posts this week, and you give me like a rough estimate of like how long it took you, and then um, and then like today we can like pick like an hourly rate that you're comfortable with, and then I can just pay you that. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  1:12:13
Yeah. Let's just do like

Speaker 4  1:12:15
$10.

Speaker 1  1:12:17
Like $10. No.

Speaker 2  1:12:18
What about 20? How about like one?

Speaker 1  1:12:20
Is I would love that,

Speaker 2  1:12:22
yeah. Okay, like it's $20 a post, like because I feel like it's gonna be about like $20 a post. I think that's perfect. I feel like for me, even if I do do it super fast, the researching of it all does end up taking you about an hour a post, and I will sit and do it with a cocktail and turn it into three hours, like I, because I don't care, you know, and it makes it like it, like I said, it really does take me twice as long to do that shit, just because I don't want to do it, because I have no incentive. I'm not being paid to do it, also. So, um, but yeah, so if you want to do, if you want to do like $20 post, and I mean, you know, like I feel like I can afford you to do like I don't know, I'm not really sure what my budget is at the moment, but

Speaker 1  1:13:18
we'll do $20 and then maybe like five posts, or three posts. You want to do three or five, or just start with one? I don't know.

Speaker 2  1:13:28
Well, okay. So here's the thing: the money is like not that important to me. It's like I want to figure out what's worth it to you because I want this to be sustainable.

Speaker 1  1:13:38
What I would like if we just like have little. I mean, if we just like catch up and like have meetings or just like talk about it and like analyze it, like so we can make sure that we're constantly on the right track. Because I would rather do it like all of them, and like learn from it, and like like if you like make sure it's like affordable and agreeable for both of us. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:13:57
maybe this becomes like a way for you to develop an app,

Speaker 1  1:14:02
dude. Like it's it's like mutual, like how you were saying with your your coworker. So like yeah,

Speaker 2  1:14:07
and like Brandon is the same way. He's like, I'm like, dude, why have you not posted any of this cool shit we've been doing? And he's just like, I don't care about social media. Like it doesn't like affect my business. I have business coming in every day because once you're in with the right people, your name just gets circulated. Like, oh, this guy's the best, you know. And then you,

Speaker 1  1:14:30
yeah. Oh no, I was just gonna say like I love like like kind of like that videographer, but like I'm not trying to be like him because it was kind of weird. But like, but just like I want to learn about your life and your industry and like see like how I can help you because you're like a working artist so like

Speaker 2  1:14:44
yeah and if I can steal you away from your job eventually that would be fantastic

Speaker 1  1:14:49
for you girl I feel like I like my job so I feel like it'd be like let's just keep the jobs we like and then we'll oh yeah you know

Speaker 2  1:14:56
I'm not out here putting my day job day job

Speaker 1  1:14:59
love what I do today it's messy maybe

Speaker 2  1:15:00
soon but not today. You know what I mean? Like I just want the cross tomorrow.

Speaker 1  1:15:05
No, to more things. But otherwise, I like saying yes to a lot of things.

Speaker 2  1:15:08
Okay. Well, if you're interested in doing this and you're super down, you just invoice me and you just like, you know, and just give me like an idea of like, because I don't need all of these. I need them to just be pushed out a little bit more regularly than I'm capable of. But even if you do like five posts, even if you do like two posts a week, like that's still better than what I'm doing right now. You know what I mean? And and like if if we're communicating and you're just like, hey, I want to work on this, I'm gonna be able to be like as long as I'm not in a fitting,

Speaker 1  1:15:44
yeah,

Speaker 2  1:15:44
or like crushing out a job. I can even like even if I am crushing out a job, I can Facetime you while you're doing it,

Speaker 1  1:15:52
yeah,

Speaker 2  1:15:53
and like talk you through it and be like, okay, here's the invoice, and you can read through it, and I can remember who I work with and be like, oh, like I know who this person is, like and or whatever, and we can figure all that out because, like, I recently just posted that Cardi B thing, and like the stylist reached out to me and DM'd me, and she has my phone number, mind you. She could have texted me, but she DM'd me on my account, which I never use, and then she called the person who referred me to her to be like to call to basically reach out to me and text me because she didn't want to text me, and I'm like to be like oh I mis I like miscredited her like this wasn't it wasn't styled by him it was styled by her and like like I needed to correct it and like she wasn't rude about it but it was just weird like it's that like I don't want to talk to you anymore so I'm gonna like go through the grapevine like

Speaker 1  1:17:01
That's so crazy.

Speaker 2  1:17:04
And those are like the type of petty ass egos that I work with all the time, where they're like so fucking nice to your face, but then like the moment like, and she was like upset about the price of the whole thing, and I was like, girl, like I did this overnight, and I had to basically recut and sew a designer jacket for Cardi B's daughter, and like I'm not gonna do a bad job. I'm not gonna hack job this Mew Mew jacket. It's like you gave me like a $4,000 jacket to turn into a kid size, and expected it to just be done. And she wanted it done by the morning so it could be rhinestone. So I stayed up all night working on it, and then by the morning I still hadn't slept, and I was like, I think I need to take a break so I can like eat and take a shower, and she's like, Oh, we're not rhinestoning it anymore. I'm like, Oh, well, you still have to pay the rush fee.

Speaker 1  1:18:00
Yeah. Oh, and she was upset

Speaker 2  1:18:02
because like Cardi B and Offset were married, and I was working with my agent, and I told her from the beginning of the project, I'm like, "Hey, I can do this, but you're gonna have to do it through my agent because it's a conflict of interest for me because it's her client. Cardi B is her client, so I can't do this without her. So she's and she's like, "Why are you looping me in with her into text? Like, don't loop me in with random people in text messages. And I'm like, "I'm like, girl, she already works with Cardi B, and she's gonna be the one invoicing you. So this is her number. You need to know who she is. Like, what the fuck?

Speaker 1  1:18:43
Yeah, if you don't want chair, don't make it a business number.

Speaker 2  1:18:46
I'm like. Also, it's like I. You said okay. You know what I mean? I told you, hey, this is gonna be invoice number, and you thumbs it up, and that was all I needed for me to like get the green light to be like, hey, Carol, here's what's happening with me and the stylist, and here is the job and the scope of the project and everything you need to know per her request. And she's like freaking out about me sending stuff to random people as if I'm sending it to fucking TMZ or something.

Speaker 1  1:19:16
Crazy, LA man. I know.

Speaker 3  1:19:20
Don't

Speaker 1  1:19:20
miss that part of it. Like it's fun to hear tell the story, but like to live it is such torture.

Speaker 2  1:19:28
Oh no, it was, and it took me forever to get paid out for that job too. So, um, yeah. So that's why I'm like weird about the crediting thing. Is like I want everybody to feel cozy about it, and I'm not trying to people please that much, but I understand what it's like to not get credited on anything because I don't get credited on anything ever. You know what I mean? So like I understand, and I don't want to be that person. You know what I mean? Like I want to care. I want to be the person that cares.

Speaker 1  1:19:59
Okay.

Speaker 2  1:20:00
Maybe I shouldn't care that much, but no,

Speaker 1  1:20:02
it's okay. I got you. Go. Okay, perfect. Yeah. Wait. So, how do we? Is there like certain posts you want me to try to start with?

Speaker 2  1:20:12
Um, there is. I really want to post. Um, I did a job for Bright Eyes where it was at the Hollywood Bowl, and I think that's a big one that is from this summer that I haven't gotten around to, and they invited me to the show, so I really want to post that with like some BTS of me and my friend at the show, and just you know, because I thought that was super cool. I definitely want to post everything with Gabby, like the all of her stuff with. She has this chick Luna and the Pandora Knox stuff. When the Pandora Knocks stuff does come out,

Speaker 1  1:20:54
okay.

Speaker 2  1:20:57
What else?

Speaker 1  1:21:01
Is it Luna Airline?

Speaker 2  1:21:04
No, Luna. She's like a British fairy pop girly.

Speaker 1  1:21:09
How sick!

Speaker 2  1:21:11
Yeah, she wears like fairy wings and pastels, and I don't know that I care for her music that much, but I like honestly, I mostly just want to prioritize the jobs that I like.

Speaker 1  1:21:22
Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:21:23
and the people that I like working with. So, and anything with Chris Haran, like there's a some Demi Lovato stuff I haven't posted. There's, you know, there's a bunch of like that one chick who hasn't paid me. I don't know that I necessarily want to post those yet because she hasn't paid me. You know what

Speaker 4  1:21:46
I mean? But

Speaker 1  1:21:51
Luna Lovebat,

Speaker 2  1:21:52
or maybe I should post them. Maybe that would make her pay me faster.

Speaker 1  1:21:57
Compton Princess. Wait, this chick, Luna love that?

Speaker 2  1:22:02
No.

Speaker 1  1:22:03
Okay.

Speaker 2  1:22:04
No, no, no. Her name is um, it's like Music of Luna or something like that.

Speaker 1  1:22:09
Music of Luna. Okay.

Speaker 2  1:22:13
Let me see.

Speaker 1  1:22:16
Oh wait, yeah. Oh yeah, here it is. Music of Luna. Oh yeah, she is fairy. She kind of looks like Lady Gaga, but super fairy.

Speaker 2  1:22:23
Yeah, but her stuff is was really cute to work on, and it's like costumey and fun. Let me actually look at this list so I can give you like a real answer.

Speaker 1  1:22:33
Oh yeah, yeah. Actually, do you mind if it takes a sec? I want to get another drink.

Speaker 2  1:22:37
Oh yeah, me too. Actually. Oh my god.

Speaker 1  1:22:38
Yeah. Okay. We'll take a we'll take an admission.

Speaker 2  1:22:40
Wait, wait, wait. I'll just switch to my cell phone.

Speaker 1  1:22:44
Okay, wait. Can I do that? Yeah, do that.

Speaker 2  1:22:46
I feel like we're wrapping up here. Okay, I'm just gonna hang up and call you.

Speaker 1  1:22:49
Okay, yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai